[Congressional Bills 119th Congress]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office]
[H.R. 788 Engrossed in House (EH)]

<DOC>
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
119th CONGRESS
  1st Session
                                H. R. 788

_______________________________________________________________________

                                 AN ACT


 
 To provide for Department of Energy and Small Business Administration 
   joint research and development activities, and for other purposes.

    Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the 
United States of America in Congress assembled,

SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

    This Act may be cited as the ``DOE and SBA Research Act''.

SEC. 2. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY AND SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION JOINT 
              RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ACTIVITIES.

    (a) In General.--The Secretary of Energy and the Administrator of 
the Small Business Administration (in this section referred to as the 
``covered officials'') shall enter into a memorandum of understanding 
or other appropriate agreement to carry out cross-cutting and 
collaborative research and development activities focused on the joint 
advancement of Department of Energy and Small Business Administration 
mission requirements and priorities.
    (b) Memorandum of Understanding or Agreement.--The covered 
officials shall carry out and coordinate the activities described in 
subsection (a) by entering into one or more memoranda of understanding 
or other appropriate agreements, as jointly determined by the covered 
officials.
    (c) Inclusion of Small Business Concerns.--In carrying out the 
activities described in subsection (a), the covered officials shall 
ensure the inclusion of small business concerns (as defined under 
section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632)) in such 
activities, as appropriate.
    (d) Other Requirements.--In carrying out the activities described 
in subsection (a), the covered officials may--
            (1) carry out reimbursable agreements between the 
        Department of Energy, the Small Business Administration, and 
        appropriate entities in order to maximize the effectiveness of 
        research and development activities carried out pursuant to a 
        memorandum or agreement described in subsection (b); and
            (2) collaborate with other Federal agencies as appropriate 
        to carry out such activities.
    (e) Report.--Not later than two years after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the covered officials shall submit to Congress a 
report on activities carried out pursuant to a memorandum or agreement 
described in subsection (b) that includes the following:
            (1) Coordination between the covered officials involved in 
        such activities.
            (2) Potential opportunities to expand the technical 
        capabilities of the Department of Energy and the Small Business 
        Administration.
            (3) Collaborative research achievements.
            (4) Areas of future mutually beneficial success.
            (5) Continuation of coordination activities between the 
        Department of Energy and the Small Business Administration.
    (f) Research Security.--The activities carried out pursuant to a 
memorandum or agreement described in subsection (b) shall be applied in 
a manner consistent with subtitle D of title VI of the Research and 
Development, Competition, and Innovation Act (Public Law 117-167; 42 
U.S.C. 19231 et seq.).

SEC. 3. COMPLIANCE WITH CUTGO.

    No additional amounts are authorized to be appropriated to carry 
out this Act or the amendments made by this Act.

            Passed the House of Representatives February 25, 2025.

            Attest:

                                                                 Clerk.
119th CONGRESS

  1st Session

                               H. R. 788

_______________________________________________________________________

                                 AN ACT

 To provide for Department of Energy and Small Business Administration 
   joint research and development activities, and for other purposes.