[Congressional Bills 119th Congress]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office]
[H. Res. 282 Reported in House (RH)]

<DOC>





                                                  House Calendar No. 14
119th CONGRESS
  1st Session
H. RES. 282

                          [Report No. 119-49]

  Providing for consideration of the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 18) 
  disapproving the rule submitted by the Bureau of Consumer Financial 
   Protection relating to ``Overdraft Lending: Very Large Financial 
  Institutions''; providing for consideration of the joint resolution 
    (S.J. Res. 28) disapproving the rule submitted by the Bureau of 
Consumer Financial Protection relating to''Defining Larger Participants 
 of a Market for General-Use Digital Consumer Payment Applications''; 
providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1526) to amend title 28, 
   United States Code, to limit the authority of district courts to 
   provide injunctive relief, and for other purposes; providing for 
    consideration of the bill (H.R. 22) to amend the National Voter 
Registration Act of 1993 to require proof of United States citizenship 
to register an individual to vote in elections for Federal office, and 
             for other purposes; and for other purposes.''


_______________________________________________________________________


                    IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES

                             April 1, 2025

   Mr. Griffith, from the Committee on Rules, reported the following 
resolution; which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be 
                                printed

_______________________________________________________________________

                               RESOLUTION


 
  Providing for consideration of the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 18) 
  disapproving the rule submitted by the Bureau of Consumer Financial 
   Protection relating to ``Overdraft Lending: Very Large Financial 
  Institutions''; providing for consideration of the joint resolution 
    (S.J. Res. 28) disapproving the rule submitted by the Bureau of 
Consumer Financial Protection relating to''Defining Larger Participants 
 of a Market for General-Use Digital Consumer Payment Applications''; 
providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1526) to amend title 28, 
   United States Code, to limit the authority of district courts to 
   provide injunctive relief, and for other purposes; providing for 
    consideration of the bill (H.R. 22) to amend the National Voter 
Registration Act of 1993 to require proof of United States citizenship 
to register an individual to vote in elections for Federal office, and 
             for other purposes; and for other purposes.''

    Resolved, That upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in 
order to consider in the House the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 18) 
disapproving the rule submitted by the Bureau of Consumer Financial 
Protection relating to ``Overdraft Lending: Very Large Financial 
Institutions''. All points of order against consideration of the joint 
resolution are waived. The joint resolution shall be considered as 
read. All points of order against provisions in the joint resolution 
are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the 
joint resolution and on any amendment thereto to final passage without 
intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and 
controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on 
Financial Services or their respective designees; and (2) one motion to 
commit.
    Sec. 2.  Upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to 
consider in the House the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 28) disapproving 
the rule submitted by the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection 
relating to ``Defining Larger Participants of a Market for General-Use 
Digital Consumer Payment Applications''. All points of order against 
consideration of the joint resolution are waived. The joint resolution 
shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in 
the joint resolution are waived. The previous question shall be 
considered as ordered on the joint resolution and on any amendment 
thereto to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one 
hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking 
minority member of the Committee on Financial Services or their 
respective designees; and (2) one motion to commit.
    Sec. 3.  Upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to 
consider in the House the bill (H.R. 1526) to amend title 28, United 
States Code, to limit the authority of district courts to provide 
injunctive relief, and for other purposes. All points of order against 
consideration of the bill are waived. The amendment in the nature of a 
substitute recommended by the Committee on the Judiciary now printed in 
the bill shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be 
considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, 
as amended, are waived. The previous question shall be considered as 
ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amendment thereto, 
to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of 
debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority 
member of the Committee on the Judiciary or their respective designees; 
and (2) one motion to recommit.
    Sec. 4.  Upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to 
consider in the House the bill (H.R. 22) to amend the National Voter 
Registration Act of 1993 to require proof of United States citizenship 
to register an individual to vote in elections for Federal office, and 
for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the 
bill are waived. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of 
order against provisions in the bill are waived. The previous question 
shall be considered as ordered on the bill and on any amendment thereto 
to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of 
debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority 
member of the Committee on House Administration or their respective 
designees; and (2) one motion to recommit.
    Sec. 5.  (a) House Resolution 23 and House Resolution 164 are laid 
on the table.
     (b)(1) A motion to discharge a committee from consideration of a 
bill or resolution that, by relating in substance to or dealing with 
the same subject matter, is substantially the same as House Resolution 
23 shall not be in order.
    (b)(2) A motion to discharge the Committee on Rules from 
consideration of a resolution providing a special order of business for 
the consideration of a bill or resolution that, by relating in 
substance to or dealing with the same subject matter, is substantially 
the same as House Resolution 23 shall not be in order.
    (c) A motion to discharge on the Calendar of Motions to Discharge 
Committees that is rendered out of order pursuant to subsection (b) 
shall be stricken from that calendar.
                                                  House Calendar No. 14

119th CONGRESS

  1st Session

                              H. RES. 282

                          [Report No. 119-49]

_______________________________________________________________________

                               RESOLUTION

  Providing for consideration of the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 18) 
  disapproving the rule submitted by the Bureau of Consumer Financial 
   Protection relating to ``Overdraft Lending: Very Large Financial 
  Institutions''; providing for consideration of the joint resolution 
    (S.J. Res. 28) disapproving the rule submitted by the Bureau of 
Consumer Financial Protection relating to''Defining Larger Participants 
 of a Market for General-Use Digital Consumer Payment Applications''; 
providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1526) to amend title 28, 
   United States Code, to limit the authority of district courts to 
   provide injunctive relief, and for other purposes; providing for 
    consideration of the bill (H.R. 22) to amend the National Voter 
Registration Act of 1993 to require proof of United States citizenship 
to register an individual to vote in elections for Federal office, and 
             for other purposes; and for other purposes.''

_______________________________________________________________________

                             April 1, 2025

        Referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed