[Congressional Bills 119th Congress]
[From the U.S. Government Publishing Office]
[H. Res. 177 Engrossed in House (EH)]

<DOC>
H. Res. 177

                In the House of Representatives, U. S.,

                                                         March 4, 2025.
    Resolved, That upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to 
consider in the House the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 42) providing for 
congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the 
rule submitted by the Department of Energy relating to ``Energy Conservation 
Program for Appliance Standards: Certification Requirements, Labeling 
Requirements, and Enforcement Provisions for Certain Consumer Products and 
Commercial Equipment''. All points of order against consideration of the joint 
resolution are waived. The joint resolution shall be considered as read. All 
points of order against provisions in the joint resolution are waived. The 
previous question shall be considered as ordered on the joint resolution and on 
any amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) 
one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking 
minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce or their respective 
designees; and (2) one motion to recommit.
    Sec. 2.  Upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider 
in the House the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 61) providing for congressional 
disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule 
submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ``National Emission 
Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants: Rubber Tire Manufacturing''. All points 
of order against consideration of the joint resolution are waived. The joint 
resolution shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions 
in the joint resolution are waived. The previous question shall be considered as 
ordered on the joint resolution and on any amendment thereto to final passage 
without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and 
controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy 
and Commerce or their respective designees; and (2) one motion to recommit.
    Sec. 3.  Upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider 
in the House the joint resolution (S.J. Res. 11) providing for congressional 
disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule 
submitted by the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management relating to ``Protection of 
Marine Archaeological Resources''. All points of order against consideration of 
the joint resolution are waived. The joint resolution shall be considered as 
read. All points of order against provisions in the joint resolution are waived. 
The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the joint resolution and 
on any amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) 
one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking 
minority member of the Committee on Natural Resources or their respective 
designees; and (2) one motion to commit.
            Attest:

                                                                          Clerk.